##########################################
################# FILES: #################
##########################################

///////// Abstract Classes /////////
ActivationFunction.java
	Template for the neural node activation functions. . 

Linear.java	
	Template for the linear activation function.

Logistic.java	
	Template for the sigmoidal activation function (which in this case, is the logistic
	function.

TrainingStrategy.java
        Template for a training strategy, to be used by GA, DE and ES. 
	
///////// Other Classes /////////
Chromosome.java
    A class to build and randomly initialize a chromosome. Also contains methods to evaluate
    the fitness of a chromosome, and compare it to other individuals in the population. Contains
    a .toString method to make printing the data possible (if necessary), and various getter/setter
    methods. This class is used by the Genetic Algorithm and Differential Evolution classes. 

ConvertData.java
    A class to split a single file containing data into test and training sets probabilistically. Also
    gives the user the ability to discard part of the dataset if it is too large for the algorithms (again
    this is done probabilistically, so as to not unduly skew the data). Output of this is two files saved
    to a location of the user's choice. 
    
DifferentialEvolution.java
    A class to construct a differential evolution procedure with tunable parameters (population size, 
    mutation rate, crossover rate). The DE is used to train the weights of a feed forward neural 
    neural network. 

ESChromosome.java
    A class to build and randomly initialize a chromosome used in the Evolution Strategy. Differs from 
    the Chromosome class largely in that it focuses on the construction of a variance matrix for 
    the chromosomes. 

EvolutionStrategy.java
    A class to construct a tunable evolution strategy. Tunable parameters include population size, 
    number of children per generation, and the number of parents in crossover. The ES is used to train
    the weights of a feed forward neural network. 

FeedForwardANN.java
	Implements a feed-forward neural network that uses back-propagation for classification problems.

FeedForwardExperiment.java
	A class for explicitly constructing, testing, and training of a FFNN. The inputs
	for the FFNN are read in from a .csv file, as are the outputs. These are used
	to train the data, by measuring the distance between the target and observed
	outputs. The trained network is then tested to determine how well the training
	worked, and hence, how well the FFNN is doing on classification problems. 

FitnessFunction.java
    Class used to evaluate the fitness of the network, in this case MSE is used to 
    evaluate how well ffnn is doing at classification problems.

GA.java
    A class to construct a tunable genetic algorithm. Tunable parameters include mutation rate, 
    population size, the percent of the population replaced, and the number of parents. The GA
    is used to train the weights of a feed forward neural network.

MeanSquaredError.java
 	A loss function for calculating error. Used in backprop learning algorithm of FFNN.
 	
Neuron.java
	A class to create the neurons (also called nodes) of the FFNN. These simple 
	computational units form the FFNN model.  


RunModels.java
	Contains the main method for this program. Gives the user the choice of 
	converting a dataset into test and training sets (ConvertData.java), a FFNN
        (FeedForwardNetwor.java, FeedForwardExperiment.java), a ES (ESCHromosome.java), 
        a GA (GA.java), or a DE (DifferentialEvolution.java)  Also allows the user
	to specify the location of the input file (both training and test), and 
        their desired output file location as well. RunModels also constructs the 
        necessary test and training instances, and does the printing of the
        error results for the test data. 

TrainingInstance.java
        Constructs a training instance, which is read in by the ES, GA and DE. 

TrainingStrategy.java
        
NOTE: Other files correspond to output generated by the program. RBFNN data is 
generated to a location of the user's choosing, but for now FFNN data is saved in the
runmodels folder.